lines_adjacency:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/adjacency.gemo               \gl43-adjacency
invariant:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/colorful.gemo                        gl43-colorful
component:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/component.frag                      \gl43-component
dvec3:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/compute.vert                           \gl43-bindvertexbuffer
quads:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/cubezier.tes                            \gl43-cubezier
fractional_even_spacing:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/cubezier.tes           \gl43-cubezier
lines::/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/cubezier.tes           \gl43-lines2quads
patch:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/cubezier.tes                               \gl43-cubezier
early_fragment_tests:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/cullface.frag            gl43-skybox
ccw:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/evenspace.tes                             gl43-evenspace_ccw
fractional_odd_spacing:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/odd.tes               gl43-odd
depth_greater:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/fragdepth.frag                   gl43-fragdepth
depth_any:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/fragdepth.frag                   gl43-fragdepth
depth_less:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/fragdepth.frag                   gl43-fragdepth
depth_unchanged:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/fragdepth.frag                   gl43-fragdepth
align:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/ssbo.frag                                gl43-uniformbuffer_row
index:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/subroutine.frag                            \gl43-subroutine
texture2D:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/texture2d.frag                         \gl43-invalidateteximage.cpp
std140:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/ubo.vert                                 \gl43-uniformbuffer_clm
column_major:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/ubo.vert                             gl43-uniformbuffer_clm
row_major:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/ubo_row.vert                           gl43-uniformbuffer_row
line_strip:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/yasuo_normal.gemo                      gl43-yasuo_normal
xfb_buffer:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/transform-feedback-transform.vert       gl43-xfb
xfb_offset:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/transform-feedback-transform.vert       gl43-xfb
smooth:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/Sampler.frag                                gl43-sampler
xfb_stride:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/transform-feedback-transform.vert       gl43-xfb
gl_ViewportIndex:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl41/DepthRangeArrayv.gemo        \gl41-glDepthRangeIndex.cpp
dmat4:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl41/glProgramUniformxMatrixfv.vert                    \gl41_glProgramUniformxMatrixfv.cpp
dvec4:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl41/vertexattrib.vert                         \gl41-vertexattrib.cpp
dvec2:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                       \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat2:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat3:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat2x3:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat2x4:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat3x2:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat3x4:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat4x2:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
dmat4x3:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
gl_InstanceID:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl40/UniformMatrix.vert                      \gl40-uniformmatrix.cpp
rgba32f:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
writeonly:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                       \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba16f:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg32f:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg16f:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r11f_g11f_b10f:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r16f:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba16:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgb10_a2:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg16:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg8:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r16:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r8:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba16_snorm:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba8_snorm:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg16_snorm:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg8_snorm:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r16_snorm:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r8_snorm:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba32i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba16i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba8i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba8:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg32i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg16i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg8i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r16i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r8i:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba32ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba16ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgb10_a2ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rgba8ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg32ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg16ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
rg8ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r16ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
r8ui:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/imageStore.comp                         \gl43-diapatchcompute1
readonly:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/readonly.comp                         \gl43-readonly
triangles:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/colorful.gemo                       /gl43-points2points
isolines:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/isolines.tes                       /gl43-isolines
points:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl43/points2points.gemo                       /gl43-colorful
triangles:/home/bts/otto/btx_bench/samples/basic/shader/gl41/gl41_glPatchParameterfv_tee.glsl                         /gl41_glPatchParameterfv.cpp

